with aged skin loses its elasticity and
firmness leaving visible fine lines
wrinkles and sagging skin at DSM we have
developed new ways to counteract those
visible signs of aging let's dive into
the skin structure to look at some of
the key mechanisms that influence skin
aging beneath the epidermis the dermal
layer of the skin contains a complex
matrix of proteins proteoglycans and
polysaccharides that make up the so
called extracellular matrix fibroblasts
which are the main cells in the dermal
layer produce major building blocks of
the extracellular matrix such as
collagen x' hyaluro ninh and other
components that play an important role
in the skins overall structural
integrity as we get older and
particularly if the skin is exposed to
environmental factors such as UV light
the levels of these supportive matrix
molecules in the skin decreases the
result the surface of the skin appears
more wrinkled and aged let's move back
into the skin to see how these
supportive molecules are made tgf-beta
is an important endogenous skin molecule
due to its key role in the synthesis of
collagen and other matrix components
tgf-beta seen here in its latent state
prompts fibroblasts to make these
structural elements a protein called
thrombosed bond and one which also
occurs naturally in the skin activates
tgf-beta once activated tgf-beta can
bind to tgf-beta receptors on the
surface of fibroblasts over time the
activity of thrombosed bond and one in
the skin is reduced this in turn means
that fewer active tgf-beta molecules are
present and that fibroblasts in the skin
produce less collagen and other matrix
components leading to wrinkle formation
at DSM we have found that mimicking
natural thrombosed pondan one activity
within skin is a new and promising
strategy for the next generation of
powerful anti-aging solutions
DSM's syn-coll was the first synthetic
latent tgf-beta activator introduced to
the cosmetic industry the structure of
syn-coll resembles the active region of
thrombosed bonding one meaning that sim
call can mimic the larger proteins
action on latent tgf-beta let's see how
sin called can boost tgf-beta activity
even when thrombo spawned in one levels
are low thanks to its structure sim call
helps to activate latent tgf-beta with
increased levels of active tgf-beta now
present the fibroblasts can be
stimulated to produce matrix components
this innovative mechanism made sim call
the first tgf-beta booster on the market
sinkhole stimulates collagen production
leaving the skin looking visibly
smoother and younger this patented
technology has enabled DSM to develop
more powerful molecules in the
anti-aging area for visible targeted
results